Before diving in the actual code it's super important to understand that angular actually offers two
approaches when it comes to handling forums.
It offers the template driven approach which is called like this because there you simply set up your
form in the template in HVM all the code and angular will automatically infer the structure of your
form will infer it which controls your forms has which inputs and makes it easy for you to get started
quickly.
It also has a more complex approach the reactive approach.
There you actually defined the structure of the form in typescript coat.
You also set up DHT Moul killed and then you manually connect that which might sound more complicated
than it is in the end and therefore it gives you greater control over it.
You can find you in every little piece about your form.
Now in this module we're going to have a look at both approaches in the next three years.
I'm going to start with the template driven approach which is fine for a lot of use cases.
Before we dive into the more advanced reactive approach